[Security Solution] Update prebuilt rule customization test plans to reflect licensing changes (#215008)
elastic/kibana: x-pack/solutions/security/plugins/security_solution/docs/testing/test_plans/detection_response/prebuilt_rules/prebuilt_rule_customization.md

#### **Scenario: User can bulk edit prebuilt rules from rules management page**

**Automation**: 1 Cypress test for each bulk action type.

```Gherkin
Given a space with N (where N > 1) prebuilt rules installed
And a user selects M (where M <= N) in the rules table
When a user applies a <bulk_action_type> bulk action
And the action is successfully applied to M selected rules
Then rules that have been changed from their base version should have a "Modified" badge on the respective row in the rule management table

> When a user navigates to the rule details page of a rule that has been changed

Reviewer: Maybe we could simplify it by saying instead

```
And the update should be reflected on the rule details page
```

Then the update should be reflected in the rule details page

Examples:
| bulk_action_type                 |

> | Add rule actions                 |

Reviewer: Rule actions don't contribute to the customization state. Could you elaborate on the reason why it was added?

Author: You're right, this item should be removed.

| Add index patterns               |
| Delete index patterns            |
| Add tags                         |
| Delete tags                      |
| Add custom highlighted fields    |
| Delete custom highlighted fields |
| Update rule schedules            |
| Apply timeline template          |
```

### Editing prebuilt rules under a restricted license

> #### Bulk actions that are forbidden under a restricted license

Reviewer: Decorating it as a header may be perceived as a scenario while this is a common context. Could you transform the header to plain text?

Author: Moved it into Terminology section. wdyt?

```Gherkin
Examples:
| forbidden_bulk_action_type       |
| Add index patterns               |
| Delete index patterns            |
| Add tags                         |
| Delete tags                      |
| Add custom highlighted fields    |
| Delete custom highlighted fields |
| Update rule schedules            |
| Apply timeline template          |
```

> #### **Scenario: User can't edit customizable fields of a prebuilt rule from the rule edit page under a restricted license**

Reviewer: `Customization` term should be described in preface part of the test plan. It should be stated that only changes to a specific fields lead to rule customization state changed. The list of fields is provided in a separate file should be referenced. As a result the term `customization` should be used without additional explanation.

```suggestion
#### **Scenario: Users can't customize prebuilt rules under an insufficient license**
```

**Automation**: 2 Cypress tests: one for Serverless, one for non-Serverless.

```Gherkin
Given a Kibana installation running under a restricted license
When user navigates to the rule edit page of a prebuilt rule
Then the Actions view of the rule edit page should be displayed

> And user should be able to edit rule actions

Reviewer: Rule actions aren't related to this test scenario and slightly related to prebuilt rule customization. The only test should exist to verify rule actions doesn't contribute to the rule's customization state.

Author: Shouldn't we still check that actions are editable in UI? Do you think it should be done in a separate test?

Reviewer: Rule actions don't contribute to a rule's customization state while test scenarios in this file should be concerned by the rule customization workflow. There is a chance rule actions behavior changes in the future so we'll have to address any modifications. It's quite straightforward to reduce maintenance burden and keep test scenarios focused by eliminating irrelevant parts.

When user attempts to edit fields from the About, Definition or Schedule views

> Then it should not be possible

Reviewer: What's expected? We may clearly state the tabs should be disabled.

And user should see a message that editing is not allowed under the current license
And required license name should be included in the message
```

> #### **Scenario: User can't bulk edit prebuilt rules from rules management page under a restricted license**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### **Scenario: Users can't bulk edit prebuilt rules under an insufficient license**
```

**Automation**: 2 Cypress tests: one for Serverless, one for non-Serverless.

```Gherkin
Given a Kibana installation running under a restricted license
When a user selects one or more prebuilt rules in the rule management table
And user's selection doesn't contain any custom rules

> When user attempts to apply a <forbidden_bulk_action_type> bulk action to selected rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And user attempts to apply a <forbidden_bulk_action_type> bulk action to selected rules
```

Then the user should see a message that this action is not allowed for prebuilt rules under the current license
And required license name should be included in the message
And no button to proceed with applying the action should be displayed
```

> #### **Scenario: User can't bulk edit a mixture of prebuilt and custom rules from rules management page under a restricted license**

Reviewer: The name suggests users shouldn't be able to modify custom rules. This statement doesn't correspond to the real behavior. Let's highlight that users still can't edit prebuilt rules even when a mixture rules is selected.

```suggestion
#### **Scenario: User can't bulk edit prebuilt rules in a mixture of prebuilt and custom rules under a restricted license**
```

**Automation**: 2 Cypress tests: one for Serverless, one for non-Serverless.

```Gherkin
Given a Kibana installation running under a restricted license
When a user selects one or more prebuilt rules in the rule management table
And user also selects one or more custom rules

> When user attempts to apply a <forbidden_bulk_action_type> bulk action to selected rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And user attempts to apply a <forbidden_bulk_action_type> bulk action to selected rules
```

#### **Scenario: User can bulk edit prebuilt rules from rules management page**

> **Automation**: 1 Cypress test for each bulk action type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Automation**: a Cypress test for each bulk action type.
```
